and what happens very good and good kids
I bring you something original different to
channel or something that is not so
used and good for the most
old ones that you follow me and give time
cons you will remember once
I had the fantastic idea to start what
that it would be a video game club that is
a whole club because they were not basically
to compete in different games
different categories and different things
not what I know for example
how can you be a fanatic that you have to
put this words that are in 9 is a
club of banks and books but good
of the differences obviously this
project started very well with a lot of people
that was encouraged to ping ping but not
the same thing always happens with a project of
this when people are not engaged in
time is fine when there is no light
commitment when there is lack of time
it is falling little by little and in the end
because that was nothing and it was like
time I'm still not going over the truth
Well, I'm not going to get into the
same story to return to stay
apply so it's going to happen to me
fantastic idea to do something else
small is worth many people
Every day, almost hey, I do not know what we can do to you
add to play with you from such a thing
I do not understand why if I'm terrible
but good I in an act of facebook
that's not because I'm inventing one thing and it's
I'm going to create a piggy bank where you can
enter all your money and put
more money or be millions and millions of
euros will be able to play with me is not coña
I invented what the public would be
political is worth good again with the
cross point or not a competitive team of
the vouchers here you see that I have different
equipment is worth with friends with acquaintances
etcetera etcetera and I have one that is
empty go the points of the goal the
ol bikes and there is cash point
green means that I am a fucking not
I'm a fucking and this cash is going to be
very big then what is this
basically good because it's to play with
with people who are interested
enormously it is a kind of team
competitive as soon as we're going to play
run that is and the whole subject and how far
we can get to that yes always with good
roll no radios
because if not then it is worth this
simply the requirements basically
They are very simple
strange is simply to be silver
europe up basically so that all
we were at the same level
I really want to be if I will play all the
games and I can play for that is going to be
of more than 55 members because the best
Well, I can not for whatever reason
the time code that I'm left over but
I will be there as a manager
of players and simply the
advisory requirements to have silver
defeat one up is to be of
europe from the west then for now
because I do not have an account or account at the
30 or anything in our servers does not
I have an account for the loss but
there is the most severe filth and nothing
just that and very important from
add measure the whole topic because as
You see, I have this, it's worth enough
tight of invitations in is pretty
difficult to see them the new vouchers I have to
do a little cleaning but not
I have time either and before adding
me because you will not be one of those who
will appear here is worth in a good fields
I'll see why I did not tell you
I will try to do it as soon as possible
possible
you have to put in the comment of
this video that you are watching
you have to put your nick our
League your position everything that you
characterizes as a player for example I am
support game tal juanito panel the west
I am plant 1 there I want to spend some
laughs try to do something on track
that is nothing basically that is the
goal you can not play a little
sets try to do something and get
because I know what level is not facing 52
I do not know really I do not know but good
plans is for vale and I already say that there
any flame the little flame
well it can be no and the game stays
but in plan ya garcía jerez madrid
always your fucking mother that was because
happened or is the treatment that I'm going to play
start the rock so really not
so worth nothing if someone wants is
someone is interested or whatever
Well , you know the points of the
wait, leave your comment with
all your data and I then the
I will check and videos that makes god the whore
vigo machine participates within this
bad step outs will not try
make me balance is worth nothing kids
I roll more than I'm going to hit me that a
Ember that you flip, so nothing awaits you
in the points in lol a greeting and
see you later